Add how to withdraw assets to L1 (#1472)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/isc/v1.0.0-rc.6/docs/how-tos/send-assets-to-l1.mdx

---

import AboutAccounts from '../_admonitions/_about-accounts.md';

# Send Assets and Tokens to L1

<AboutAccounts/>

This guide will show you how to use the ISC sandbox interface to send assets from L2 to L1. This includes base tokens, native tokens, and NFTs. Before you can send these assets, you need to know how you get them on L2 and how you allow a contract to use them.

Note that assets on L1 require a storage deposit; therefore, the number of base tokens sent to L1 should cover at least the storage deposit required to hold the assets on L1.

## Example Code

```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

import "@iota/iscmagic/ISC.sol";

contract L1Assets {
  function withdraw(L1Address memory to) public {
    ISCAssets memory allowance = ISC.sandbox.getAllowanceFrom(msg.sender);
    ISC.sandbox.takeAllowedFunds(msg.sender, allowance);

    ISCSendMetadata memory metadata;
    ISCSendOptions memory options;
    ISC.sandbox.send(to, allowance, false, metadata, options);
  }
}
```

## Explanation

First, you will find out what assets this contract is allowed to take from the caller by calling the `ISC.sandbox.getAllowanceFrom()` function.

```solidity

>     ISCAssets memory allowance = ISC.sandbox.getAllowanceFrom(msg.sender);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ISCAssets memory allowance = ISC.sandbox.getAllowanceFrom(msg.sender);
```

```

Then you take the allowance, which will transfer the assets from the caller to the contract.

```solidity

>     ISC.sandbox.takeAllowedFunds(msg.sender, allowance);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ISC.sandbox.takeAllowedFunds(msg.sender, allowance);
```

```

Finally, you can send the assets to the specified L1 address. This will create an output to hold said assets. You can use additional options to add the [timelock](/learn/protocols/stardust/core-concepts/output-unlock-conditions/#timelock) and [expiration](/learn/protocols/stardust/core-concepts/output-unlock-conditions/#expiration) unlock conditions to the output.

```solidity

>     ISCSendMetadata memory metadata;
>     ISCSendOptions memory options;
>     ISC.sandbox.send(to, allowance, false, metadata, options);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ISCSendMetadata memory metadata;
ISCSendOptions memory options;
ISC.sandbox.send(to, allowance, false, metadata, options);
```

---
description: The ISC Magic Contract allows EVM contracts to access ISC functionality.
image: /img/logo/WASP_logo_dark.png
tags:
  - configure
  - using
  - EVM
  - magic
  - Ethereum
  - Solidity
---

> import AboutAccounts from '../_admonitions/_about-accounts.md';
> import AboutTokens from '../_admonitions/_about-tokens.md';
> 
> # Send Assets and Tokens to L1
> 
> <AboutTokens/>
> <AboutAccounts/>
> 

Author: ```suggestion
import AboutAccounts from '../_admonitions/_about-accounts.md';

# Send Assets and Tokens to L1

<AboutAccounts/>

```

> This how-to will show you how the ISC sandbox interface can be used to send assets from L2 to L1. This includes base tokens, native tokens, and NFTs. Before you can send these assets, you need to know how you get them on L2, and how you allow a contract to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will show you how to use the ISC sandbox interface to send assets from L2 to L1. This includes base tokens, native tokens, and NFTs. Before you can send these assets, you need to know how you get them on L2 and how you allow a contract to use them.
```

> Note that assets on L1 require a storage deposit, therefore the amount of base tokens sent to L1 should cover at least the storage deposit required to hold the assets on L1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that assets on L1 require a storage deposit; therefore, the number of base tokens sent to L1 should cover at least the storage deposit required to hold the assets on L1.
```

## Example Code

```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

import "@iota/iscmagic/ISC.sol";

contract L1Assets {
  function withdraw(L1Address memory to) public {
    ISCAssets memory allowance = ISC.sandbox.getAllowanceFrom(msg.sender);
    ISC.sandbox.takeAllowedFunds(msg.sender, allowance);

    ISCSendMetadata memory metadata;
    ISCSendOptions memory options;
    ISC.sandbox.send(to, allowance, false, metadata, options);
  }
}
```

## Explanation

> First we will find out what assets this contract is allowed to take from the caller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you need to find out what assets this contract is allowed to take from the caller by calling the `ISC.sandbox.getAllowanceFrom()` function.
```

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
First, you will find out what assets this contract is allowed to take from the caller by calling the `ISC.sandbox.getAllowanceFrom()` function.
```

```solidity
    ISCAssets memory allowance = ISC.sandbox.getAllowanceFrom(msg.sender);
```

> Then we take the allowance, which will transfer the assets from the caller to the contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you should take the allowance. This will transfer the assets from the caller to the contract.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you take the allowance, which will transfer the assets from the caller to the contract.
```

```solidity
    ISC.sandbox.takeAllowedFunds(msg.sender, allowance);
```

> Finally, the assets are sent to the specified L1 address, creating an output holding the assets. Additional options allow you to add timelock and expiration feautures to the created output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can send the assets to the specified L1 address. This will create an output to hold said assets. You can use additional options to add the [timelock](/learn/protocols/stardust/core-concepts/output-unlock-conditions/#timelock) and [expiration](/learn/protocols/stardust/core-concepts/output-unlock-conditions/#expiration) unlock conditions to the output.
```
